Add DiscordBot README for better new dev onboarding process (#12)
bifrostlab/llm-assistant: README.md

```
exit
```

## Discord Bot Development

### Getting started
- [Create a bot in discord](https://interactions-py.github.io/interactions.py/Guides/02%20Creating%20Your%20Bot/)
- Add that bot to a test server.
  - When making the invite through OAuth2 URL Generator, make sure to enable `bot` and `applications.commands` options.
  - Follow the [Invite your bot](https://interactions-py.github.io/interactions.py/Guides/02%20Creating%20Your%20Bot/) section for reference.
- Copy out `.env.example` into `.env`, and fill in the `DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN` and `DISCORD_GUILD_ID`

> - Now, run the bot code locally and test the bot on your server

Reviewer: Add an extra line at the end

```
exit
```

> To add missing package to the package list:

Reviewer: I don't feel like we should add this. It's pretty much standard by now.

> To add missing package to the package list:
> ```
> poetry add your_new_package_name
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I don't feel like we should add this. It's pretty much standard by now.

```suggestion
```

## Discord Bot Development

### Getting started
- [Create a bot in discord](https://interactions-py.github.io/interactions.py/Guides/02%20Creating%20Your%20Bot/)

> - Create your own discord server, add that bot to a test server (feel free to use )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add that bot to a test server.
  - When making the invite through OAuth2 URL Generator, make sure to enable `bot` and `applications.commands` options.
```

> - Implement bot logics (and add bot token to your code too)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy out `.env.example` into `.env`, and fill in the `DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN` and `DISCORD_GUILD_ID`
```

- Now, run the bot code locally and test the bot on your server

### Auto formatter for Python

> We use [Ruff](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) for linting and code formating. Ruff is already included and installed when you use `poetry install`. Follow the [instructions here](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) to use Ruff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Ruff](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) for linting and code formating and is installed via `poetry`. Follow the [instructions here](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) to use Ruff.
```

Reviewer 2: Probably should just remove. Linting should go into CONTRIBUTING.md

We use [Ruff](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) for linting and code formating. Ruff is already included and installed when you use `poetry install`. Follow the [instructions here](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) to use Ruff.

**TL;DR:**  
Just use this before committing new code.
```

> ruff check .        # Lint all
> ruff format .       # Format all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
poetry run ruff check .        # Lint all
poetry run ruff format .       # Format all
```
